Front page improvements (#3)
complate/complate.github.io: content/index.md

title: complate: declarative, component-oriented HTML templating
h1: complate

> subtitle: component based templating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: component-based templating
```

(same below)

> description: expressive • declarative • composable • independent of any particular technology choice

Reviewer: This might be an FNDism, but the "independent …" clause breaks the pattern; something pithier would be nice. I've used "technology-agnostic" in the past, but I'm aware that's not necessarily self-explanatory (or is it? depending on the audience, it's a well-established term) - it could be supported with a link to the respective section?

Author: I think I like "technology-agnostic" 

In this instance, we are trying to catch the interest of a reader and make them want to read further. As a developer, I would probably scroll further to figure out why they are calling it technology-agnostic.

Modern JavaScript frameworks come with batteries included and everything
but the kitchen sink.

We do **_a lot less_** and we think that is a good thing.

complate provides a lightweight [JSX](https://facebook.github.io/jsx/)
implementation to allow us to write declarative component based templates

> (macros) without making assumptions about the underlying technology.

Reviewer 2: I'm not entirely sure that "underlying technology" is easy to understand. What we mean is "independent of your server-side language or framework", right?

Author: @moonglum do you think the new version is clearer?

Reviewer 2: Yes, absolutely! Thank you 👌

</article>
```

One of the reasons we developed complate is that we wanted to be able to

> write our frontends using components to get the benefits of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
write our front ends using components to get the benefits of
```

(same below)

cf. https://css-tricks.com/poll-results-front-end-front-end/:

> The term “front-end” is correct when used as a compound adjective, and the term “front end” is correct when used as a noun.

Author: I do it wrong every time. 🤦‍♀

[abstraction and composition](rationale.html), but we also wanted to make
it easy to use our complate macros for server-side rendering.
This is how complate differs from
[web components](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components),

> which create and instantiate components in a client browser.

Reviewer 2: I would add:
> (in fact, web components and complate make a great team)
